Maria divan lotted is slightly out of
line the race gets underway FC Basel
the cars head down into turn one Fc
puzzle leads madrid up into second place
on Maria's Oh Clinton but second my fake
emojis talk back a little bit and
everybody fighting through that first
corner nobody's disappearing into the
gravel trap this time and it was a good
clean getaway for max whistle from the
front row and indeed the battle for
second Maria being passed there by the
Seville car of Marcos Martinez behind
the Galatasaray car also trying to chart
and here comes Corinthians Robert or
polish he's crashed straight to the side
of the seville car avoid maria and it's
had a massive lead to max missile up
front and the left up to seventh place
just passed me on look at this little
panel gray told me almost taken out and
a part of the two others made up he made
a place around the outside inside was
beijing
now tell me what Maria devatas driving
well here she's not doing anything wrong
she may not be as quick as some of the
guys behind her but they haven't found a
way past her up front is still puzzled
leaning Anna Maria finally finally a
story she know she gets past but then
she retakes second place is driving
excellently here at the moment was found
adrift who finished third earlier he was
involved in contact to car safety car is
up on our screen circuit before it even
came up on our time history this is the
on board for you Bruce take a look at
this he didn't break that late oh it's a
bit strange with hat which don't
understand how this is gonna work out
max whistle this could be an absolute
disaster depending on how this all
settles down they've been released I
would have thought it would normally it
would just be to catch back up but if
the pit window has been open if they've
been allowed to where they are allowed
to make their pit stops so
yeah this is a very interesting
situation
so the car racing turnt as the safety
car comes in and it is max whistle who's
still leading this race then this battle
that's going on for forth between
Sporting Lisbon and Galatasaray again a
tosser a all those great stuff unusual
place to overtake
FC Buzzle I'm gonna come through to take
victory here in race two at Manticore
max whistle takes the victory by a
comfortable mounted